my dad hold the camera for me well
holder gettable this pointed at me get
behind the camera here I'm going to do
the cinnamon challenge oh no no no no no
no no no you ain't doin sighs it's fine
how would you it first I will do it
first got to you what you've already
done it yeah but I've lost weight I lost
weight I can do it I can beat it so I
would do it first no my mouth relax
okay well then anger grandpa's gonna do
the cinnamon challenge five goddamn
house ought to it anything you can do
hiss oh my god dude you better stand up
let me see this show it to the camera
come hold my face huh this is my bridge
humor your spoon
hey come on that's enough that's never
gonna be even there that's me yes even
that's a spoonful dad okay maybe I'll
swallow it I will
[Music]
yeah
everybody give it back you're right
salut
look your teeth just fell the city down
thank God yeah that's all water
[Music]
you're right no way
I bet you could do it I got it
hey are you better
[Music]
that guy Simon shit I couldn't breathe
that break I can't fucking breathe but
you can see with this time
[Music]